AI Artificial Intelligence Search Methods For Problem Solving (#7623)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-hi.md

### Databases

* [DBMS (Database Management System)Complete Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiFAN6I8CuViBuCdJgiOkT2Y) - Gate Smashers
* [DBMS Database Managament System- Complete Course in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmXKhU9FNesR1rSES7oLdJaNFgmuj0SYV) - Knowledge Gate
* [DBMS Placements Series 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTpukecmA2p5rhHM14bl2dHU) - CodeHelp by Babbar

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Dont mess with the spaces

Author: @metabiswadeep : Fixed the spacing issue

### Databases

> * [DBMS (Database Management System) \| Complete Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiFAN6I8CuViBuCdJgiOkT2Y) - Gate Smashers
> * [DBMS Database Managament System \| Complete Course in Hindi](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmXKhU9FNesR1rSES7oLdJaNFgmuj0SYV) - Knowledge Gate
> * [DBMS Placements Series 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTpukecmA2p5rhHM14bl2dHU) - CodeHelp by Babbar

Reviewer 2: - Don't invent titles/YT channels. Use the ones as provided by original source
- Alphabetize then

```suggestion
* [3.1 DBMS In Hindi (Complete Playlist)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLmXKhU9FNesR1rSES7oLdJaNFgmuj0SYV) - Knowledge Gate
* [DBMS (Database Management System) Complete Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxCzCOWd7aiFAN6I8CuViBuCdJgiOkT2Y) - Gate Smashers
* [DBMS Placements Series 2022](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDzeHZWIZsTpukecmA2p5rhHM14bl2dHU) - CodeHelp - by Babbar
```
